# Huawei Cloud End User License Agreement

**IMPORTANT NOTICE – PLEASE READ AND AGREE BEFORE DOWNLOADING, ACCEPTING, INSTALLING, COPYING OR USING**

This Agreement is between you, or the company or other legal entity that you represent and warrant you have the legal authority to bind, (each, “**You**” or “**Your**”) and Huawei Cloud Computing Technology Co., Ltd. and its subsidiaries (collectively, “**Huawei Cloud**”) regarding Your use of the Works. By downloading, accepting, installing, copying or using the Works, You agree to be bound by the terms of this Agreement. If You do not agree to the terms of this Agreement, or do not have legal authority or required age to agree to them, do not download, accept, install, copy or use the Works.

## DEFINITIONS.

1.  **“Derivative Work”** shall mean any work, whether in Source or Executable Code, that is based on (or derived from) the Works and for which the editorial revisions, annotations, elaborations, or other modifications represent, as a whole, an original work of authorship. For the purposes of this Agreement, Derivative Works shall not include works that remain separable from, or merely link (or bind by name) to the interfaces of, the Work and Derivative Works thereof.
2.  **“Executable Code”** means computer programming code in binary form suitable for machine execution by a processor without the intervening steps of interpretation or compilation.
3.  **"Works"** mean the software, documentation, the software product serial number, and other collateral, including any updates, made available to You by Huawei Cloud under this Agreement. Works include, Executable Code, Source Code, Sample Source Code, and Pre-Release Works, but do not include Third Party Software.
4.  **“Pre-Release Works”** mean the Works, or portions of the Works, that are identified (in the product release notes, on Huawei Cloud’s download website for the Works or elsewhere) or labeled as pre-release, prototype, alpha or beta code and, as such, are deemed to be pre-release code (i) which may not be fully functional or tested and may contain bugs or errors; (ii) which Huawei Cloud may substantially modify in its development of a production version; or (iii) for which Huawei Cloud makes no assurances that it will ever develop or make a production version generally available. Pre-Release Works are subject to the terms of Section 3.2.
5.  **“Reciprocal Open Source Software”** means any software that is subject to a license which requires that (i) it must be distributed in source code form; (ii) it must be licensed under the same open source license terms; and (iii) its derivative works must be licensed under the same open source license terms. Examples of this type of license are the GNU General Public License, GNU Lesser General Public License (LGPL), GNU Affero General Public License (AGPL) and the Mozilla Public License (MPL).
6.  **“Sample Source Code”** means those portions of the Works that are Source Code and are identified as sample code. Sample Source Code may not have been tested or validated by Huawei Cloud and is provided purely as a programming example.
7.  **“Source Code”** means the software portion of the Works provided in human readable format.
8.  **“Third Party Software”** mean the files (if any) listed in the “third-party-software-notice.txt” or other similarly-named text file that may be included in the Works for the applicable software. Third Party Software is subject to the terms of Section 2.2.
9.  **“Your Product”** means one or more software, documentation or other copyrightable materials developed by or for You using the Works,

## LICENSE.

1.  **License to the Works.** Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Huawei Cloud grants You a non-exclusive, worldwide, revocable, non-assignable, non-sublicensable, limited right and license under its copyrights, to:
    1.  reproduce internally a reasonable number of copies of the Works for Your personal or business use;
    2.  use the Works solely for Your personal or business use, in accordance with the documentation included as part of the Works.
2.  **Third Party Software.** Third Party Software, even if included with the distribution of the Works, may be governed by separate license terms, including without limitation, third party license terms, open source software notices and terms, and/or other Huawei Cloud software license terms. These separate license terms solely govern Your use of the Third Party Software.
3.  **Third Party Use.** If You are an entity, Your contractors may use the Works under the license specified in Section 2, provided: (i) their use of the Works is solely on behalf of and in support of Your business, (ii) they agree to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and (iii) You are solely responsible for their use, misuse or disclosure of the Works.

## LICENSE CONDITIONS.

1.  **Restrictions.** Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, You may NOT: (if) use, reproduce, disclose, or publicly display the Works; (ii) sell, rent, sublicense, transfer or distribute the Works, or make its functionality available to others; (iii) assign this Agreement; (iv) modify, adapt, or translate the Works in whole or in part; (v) reverse engineer, decompile, or disassemble the Works, or otherwise attempt to derive the source code for the software; (vi) avoid or destroy any technical limitations in the Works; (vii) remove, minimize, block or modify any notices of Huawei Cloud or its suppliers in the Works; (viii) modify, create a Derivative Work, link, or distribute the Works so that any part of it becomes Reciprocal Open Source Software.
2.  **Pre-Release Works.** If You receive Pre-Release Works, You may reproduce a reasonable number of copies and use the Pre-Release Works for evaluation and testing purposes only. You may not (i) modify or incorporate the Pre-Release Works into Your Product; (ii) continue to use the Pre-Release Works once a commercial version is released; or (iii) disclose to any third party any benchmarks, performance results, or other information relating to the Pre-Release Works. Huawei Cloud may waive these restrictions in writing at its sole discretion; however, if You decide to use the Pre-Release Works in Your Product (even with Huawei Cloud’s waiver), You acknowledge and agree that You are fully responsible for any and all issues that result from such use.
3.  **Safety-Critical, and Life-Saving Applications; Indemnity.** The Works may provide information relevant to safety-critical applications (**“Safety-Critical Applications”**) to allow compliance with functional safety standards or requirements. **You acknowledge and agree that safety is Your responsibility. To the extent You use the Works to create, or as part of, products used in Safety-Critical Applications, it is Your responsibility to design, manage, and ensure that there are system-level safeguards to anticipate, monitor, and control system failures, and You agree that You are solely responsible for all applicable regulatory standards and safety-related requirements concerning Your use of the Works in Safety Critical Applications.**

    Should You use the Works for Safety-Critical Applications or in any type of a system or application in which the failure of the Works could create a situation where personal injury or death may occur (e.g., medical systems, life-sustaining or life-saving systems) (**“Life-Saving Applications”**), You agree to indemnify, defend, and hold Huawei Cloud and its representatives harmless against any claims or lawsuits, costs, damages, and expenses, including reasonable attorney fees, arising in any way out of Your use of the Works in Safety-Critical Applications or Life-Saving Applications and claims of product liability, personal injury or death associated with those applications; even if such claims allege that Huawei Cloud was negligent or strictly liable regarding the design or manufacture of the Works or its failure to warn regarding the Works.

## DATA COLLECTION AND PRIVACY.

1.  **Data Collection.** The Works may generate and collect anonymous data and/or provisioning data about the Works and/or the development environment and transmit the data to Huawei Cloud. Optional data may also be collected by the Works, however, You will be provided notice of the request to collect optional data and no optional data will be collected without Your consent. All data collection by Huawei Cloud is performed pursuant to relevant privacy laws, including notice and consent requirements.
2.  **Huawei Cloud’s Privacy Notice.** Huawei Cloud is committed to respecting Your privacy. To learn more about Huawei Cloud’s privacy practices, please visit:

    https://www.huaweicloud.com/intl/en-us/declaration/sa_prp.html

## OWNERSHIP.

1.  Title to the Works and all copies remain with Huawei Cloud or its suppliers. The Works are protected by intellectual property rights, including without limitation, The Copyright Law of the People’s Republic of China and international treaty provisions. You will not remove any copyright or other proprietary notices from the Works. Except as expressly provided herein, no license or right is granted to You directly or by implication, inducement, estoppel or otherwise; specifically, Huawei Cloud does not grant any express or implied right to You under Huawei Cloud patents, copyrights, trademarks, or trade secrets.
2.  You fully retain all rights and responsibilities relating to Your Products, including without limitation to the materials you produce, make and generate with the assistance of the Works licensed by Huawei Cloud in this Agreement.

## NO WARRANTY AND NO SUPPORT.

1.  **NO WARRANTY DISCLAIMER. THE WORK IN THIS AGREEMENT IS DISTRIBUTED IN THE HOPE THAT IT WILL BE USEFUL, BUT WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY, WITHOUT EVEN THE IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, NON-INFRINGEMENT OR ANY WARRANTY ARISING OUT OF ANY COURSE OF DEALING, USAGE OF TRADE, PROPOSAL, SPECIFICATION OR SAMPLE. HUAWEI CLOUD DOES NOT ASSUME (AND DOES NOT AUTHORIZE ANY PERSON TO ASSUME ON ITS BEHALF) ANY LIABILITY.**
2.  **No Support.** Huawei Cloud may make changes to the Works, or to items referenced therein, at any time without notice, but is not obligated to support, update or provide training for the Works under the terms of this Agreement.

## LIMITATION OF LIABILITY.

1.  **Huawei Cloud will not be liable for any of the following losses or damages (whether such losses or damages were foreseen, foreseeable, known or otherwise): (i) loss of revenue; (ii) loss of actual or anticipated profits; (iii) loss of the use of money; (iv) loss of anticipated savings; (v) loss of business; (vi) loss of opportunity; (vii) loss of goodwill; (viii) loss of use of the Works; (ix) loss of reputation; (x) loss of, damage to, or corruption of data; or (xi) any indirect, incidental, special or consequential loss of damage however caused (including loss or damage of the type specified in this Section 7).**
2.  **Huawei Cloud’s total cumulative liability to You, including for direct damages for claims relating to this Agreement, and whether for breach of contract, negligence, or for any other reason, will not exceed 1000 RMB.**
3.  **You acknowledge that the limitations of liability provided in this Section 7 are an essential part of this Agreement. You agree that the limitations of liability provided in this Agreement with respect to Huawei Cloud will be conveyed to and made binding upon any customer of Yours.**

## **USER SUBMISSIONS.**

If you provide Huawei Cloud with comments, modifications, corrections, enhancements or other input (“Feedback”) related to the Works, Huawei Cloud will, in its sole discretion, be free to use, storage, disclose, reproduce, license or otherwise distribute or exploit the Feedback without any obligations or restrictions of any kind, including without limitation, intellectual property rights, trade secrets or licensing obligations.

## **NON-DISCLOSURE.**

Information provided by Huawei Cloud to You may include information marked as confidential, internal public, trade secret. You must treat such information as confidential under the terms of the applicable NDA between Huawei Cloud and You. If You have not entered into an NDA with Huawei Cloud, You must not disclose, distribute or make use of any information marked as confidential, internal public, trade secret, except as expressly authorized in writing by Huawei Cloud. Huawei Cloud retains all rights in and to its confidential information specifications, designs, engineering details, discoveries, inventions, patents, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, and other proprietary rights relating to the Works. Any breach by You or Your contractors of the confidentiality obligations provided for in this Section 9 will cause irreparable injury to Huawei Cloud for which money damages may be inadequate to compensate Huawei Cloud for losses arising from such a breach. Huawei Cloud may obtain equitable relief, including injunctive relief, preliminary injunction relief, temporary injunction relief, if You breach or threaten to breach Your confidentiality obligations.

## **TERM AND TERMINATION.**

This Agreement becomes effective on the date You accept this Agreement or the date You accept the Work which is distributed with this Agreement and will continue until terminated as provided for in this Agreement. The term for any Pre-Release Works terminates upon release of a commercial version. This Agreement will terminate if You are in breach of any of its terms and conditions. Upon termination, You will promptly destroy the Works and all copies.

## GENERAL PROVISIONS.

1.  **ENTIRE AGREEMENT.** This Agreement contains the complete and exclusive agreement and understanding between the parties concerning the subject matter of this Agreement, and supersedes all prior and contemporaneous proposals, agreements, understanding, negotiations, representations, warranties, conditions, and communications, oral or written, between the parties relating to the same subject matter. Each party acknowledges and agrees that in entering into this Agreement it has not relied on, and will not be entitled to rely on, any oral or written representations, warranties, conditions, understanding, or communications between the parties that are not expressly set forth in this Agreement. The express provisions of this Agreement control over any course of performance, course of dealing, or usage of the trade inconsistent with any of the provisions of this Agreement. The provisions of this Agreement will prevail notwithstanding any different, conflicting, or additional provisions that may appear on any purchase order, acknowledgement, invoice, or other writing issued by either party in connection with this Agreement. No modification or amendment to this Agreement will be effective unless in writing and signed by authorized representatives of each party.
2.  **GOVERNING LAW, JURISDICTION, AND VENUE.** All disputes arising out of or related to this Agreement, whether based on contract, tort, intellectual property infringement, or any other legal theory, will in all respects be governed by, and construed and interpreted under, the laws and court jurisdictions of the People's Republic of China, without reference to conflict of laws principles. Each party submits to the personal jurisdiction of those courts and waives all objections to that jurisdiction and venue for those disputes. Any notice delivered by Huawei Cloud to you under this Agreement will be delivered via mail, email or fax. You agree that any notice that Huawei Cloud sends you electronically will satisfy any legal communication requirements.
3.  **SEVERABILITY**. The parties intend that if a court holds that any provision or part of this Agreement is invalid or unenforceable under applicable law, the court will modify the provision to the minimum extent necessary to make it valid and enforceable, or if it cannot be made valid and enforceable, the parties intend that the court will sever and delete the provision or part from this Agreement. Any change to or deletion of a provision or part of this Agreement will not affect the validity or enforceability of the remainder of this Agreement, which will continue in full force and effect.
